
TYPE OF TESTING

->Black box testing:
 1.It involves testing against a system where the code are invisible.
 2.This is one of the powerfull testing technique.
 3.Tester do not require any technical knowledge.
 4.It is a Dynamic Application security Testing.

->White box testing:
 1.It is a testing in which internal structure and coding of software are tested.
 2.In this testing the testing codes are visible.
 3.Here the test cases can be easily automated.
 4.This testing technique is quite complex and expensive.

->Regression testing:
 1.Regression testing means testing the software application when it undergoes a code change.
 2.It is nothing but full or partial selection of already executed test cases.
 3.This testing improve product quality.
 4.It require when we want to change the code.
 5.It ensure that the fixed bugs and issues do not reoccur.

->Smoke testing:
 1.It is a process that determines whether the deployed software build is stable or not.
 2.It also check the core functionality of a program.
 3.It is also called as build verification testing.
 4.Usually the smoke testing is documented.
 5.smoke testing can be done by developers before releasing the build to the tester.

->Alpha testing:
 1.It is a type of acceptances testing. 
 2.It is done on an applications towards the end of development process when the product is almost done.
 3.It does not involve functional testing on the application.
 4.This testing is carried out by the tester who are internal employees of the organization.
 5.This testing improves software quality.

->Beta testing:
 1.It is the final step in the SDLC before releasing the product.
 2.It is a opportunity for real user to use a product .
 3.Beta tests can be open or closed.
 4.It is cost-effective as compared to alpha testing.
 5.It provides an additional level of testing validation to the development lifecycle of the product.

->System testing:
 1.It is also referred as system integration testing.
 2.It is the process in which a QA team evaluates how the various components of an application interact together.
 
->Stress testing:
1.it is a type of testing that is so harsh 
2.It is type of testing that verifies stability & reliability of software application.

->Performances testing:
 1.It is a testing process used for testing the speed,response time, stability.
 2.It validate the fundamental features of the software.



   








 
